Clarify that the path selection should be better than not selecting a path (#96)
panrg/path-properties: draft-irtf-panrg-path-properties.md

Finally, path selection may impact fairness.
For example, if multiple entities concurrently attempt to meet their target properties using the same network resources, one entity's choices may influence the conditions on the path as experienced by flows of another entity.

> As a baseline, a path selection algorithm should aim to not perform worse than the default case of not selecting a path most of the time.

Author: Yes, I think what we have is sufficient. I could be convinced to reevaluate if other reviewers have a strong opinion here.

> As a baseline, a path selection algorithm should aim to do a better job at meeting the target properties or accomodating the user's requirements than the default case of not selecting a path most of the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a baseline, a path selection algorithm should aim to do a better job at meeting the target properties, and consequently accommodating the user's requirements, than the default case of not selecting a path most of the time.
```

Reviewer 2: I like that phrasing better as well
